Policeman a: We've got you
completely surrounded!
Put your hands on the
back of your head
and get down on your knees!
Charlie: Not gonna say 'please?'
now that isn't very
polite of you, is it?
And look at that,
you called in the birdies.
I had no idea you
clowns would make such a
fuss over a single card.
Whoa, how's it goin' fellas?
Nice touch with the
glow-Y sticks,
but I'm pretty sure
I've got you beat.
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
KARI: There's a lotta buzz on
heartland's private frequency.
Must be something going on.
Looks like heartland museum.
Whoa, a break-in!
Let's just tap into
the cameras and...
is that?...
you've gotta be kidding.
Yo, Kari.
guessing you've hacked in
and seen the security
footage at this point.
keep in mind,
the camera Adds
about ten pounds.
Charlie.
What have you done this time?
What did you take
from the museum?
Just something I needed.
Thing is, I gotta
deliver it today,
but I'm a little pinned down.
Feel like helpin'
out your old boyfriend?
Okay Charlie, one - You are
not 'my old boyfriend!'
and two - You need
to turn yourself in!
Now why would I do that?
As for 'boyfrien
not boyfriend...'
we can discuss that when you
bring me your old man's bike.
just hop on and come meet me.
I'll shoot you my location.
Give me one good reason.
uuuuh, because you like me?
I'm kinda hungry too, so
maybe you could swing by a
drive-Thru?
You...
you selfish, reckless doofy,
arrogant excuse for a...
I am not doofy.
at least that's not
what you said
last time we saw each other.
meet me in 30,
don't keep me waiting.
Charlie, I'm not gonna...
that guy.
"last time we saw each other."
You Sparkle like
a diamond, Kari.
See you around.
You're hungry, Charlie?
I'll feed you a
knuckle sandwich.
Yuma: Aw yeah, I am seriously
feeling the flow today!
Tori: C'mon yuma, slow down!
I gotta get one more duel in
while I'm feelin' like this!
Astral: Do not get
too relaxed, yuma.
Those who remain in the carnival
do so because they are skilled.
When you say 'those who remain
in the carnival', you mean like
me, right? Because...
Hey sis, what's up?
what're you doing?
where are you right now?
Uh, I'm near the train station.
perfect.
there's a guy there
in the courtyard,
i'm sending you a picture now.
i need you to find
him and keep him busy.
I don't have time for this.
I've got things to do.
You find him and keep him busy.
I'm doing something right now.
I just need you to
buy me some time.
but uh...
I was gonna go and...
do it, yuma!
Okay!
now listen up.
once you see him,
corner him, capture him.
do not let him
out of your sight!
Why does my sister hate me?
Is this some friend of hers?
I don't know.
But wait,
if I don't do what she says,
it'll be morning noogies
for a solid month!
[cheering]
is that a duel?
Shark: Next I activate
submersible CARRIER
aero shark's special ability!
Here comes - Torpedo take down!
It's shark.
People: That's right!
That was awesome!
Man B: Sweet victory!
Ah wow, that was incredible!
Does This mean what
I think it means?
Yuma.
You're competing in the
world duel carnival!
Only for as long as I need to.
What do you mean?
As soon as I do what
I gotta to do, I'm out.
What are you talking about?
The duelist I lost to in the
nationals is in the carnival.
I'm gonna settle the score.
The nationals?
But I thought... you cheated and
then like you got... kicked out.
There's a lot more to
that story than you know.
For now,
just stay out of my way.
Wait up...
shark...
KITE: Go photon stream
of destruction!
Now your souls are mine!
Thank you for
your donation.
Two number cards
for the price of one.
Orbital 7: Great deal!
Same old shark.
"I'm too cool to
give a straight answer."
Yuma, look.
Earth to yuma!
Isn't that the guy?
Eh, that's a lady.
Sitting on the bench.
Oh Yeah.
Hey, you!
Kari sent me,
I'm yuma.
She sent her little brother?
She said to capture me?
How are you supposed
to do that?
I don't know,
she knows I'm busy with
the world duel carnival.
You're in the duel carnival?
Then what would you say
to a duel right now?
You wanna duel?
Well the thing is, I kinda
need to test this card out.
Macho: Hey!
You in the hat, I see
you're waving a card around.
How about we put a
heart piece on the
line right here and right now?
Well, I'm not
in the carnival,
But my friend
yuma here is.
Why don't we Wager
one of his pieces?
My piece?
No way, man!
Relax.
Seriously.
With the streak of
luck I'm having,
there's no way This
guy can beat me.
Dr. Faker: Mr. Heartland,
how is our Kite doing?
Dr. Heartland: Kite doesn't
even know what it means to lose.
Excellent.
And as of now, over half of
those competing in my duel
carnival have been eliminated.
Many of those who remain most
Certainly possess number cards.
Then everything is proceeding
exactly as we
envisioned it would.
I hope you appreciate the
opportunity we have here.
The envoy from Astral world came
here in order to bring us down.
However, how fortunate that
upon his arrival,
an accident occurred
and his 99 number cards
were scattered into the wind.
That accident
bought us the time
we need to plan our
counter measures!
We must gather those cards and
prevent that envoy from
remembering what he was sent
here to do, Mr. Heartland.
Do not let me down!
I won't.
Unnh!
I can't believe I
let you talk me into
wagering one of
my heart pieces,
this guy is mopping
the floor with you!
Don't worry, yuma.
I'm not gonna lose.
Glad you're confident.
Maybe you didn't notice,
he's got three xyz
monsters on his field.
Not only that,
there is a considerable
life point gap between them.
You need to forfeit!
Say you gotta go, make up a
great reason, like...
aagh, I can't think of anything!
Don't get so worked up.
After all, life
is just a carnival.
You're supposed to have fun.
"Life is... a carnival."
It's easy to have fun
when you're losing
someone else's heart piece!
Who said anything
about losing?
Well, lookee at
what we have here.
I am activating the
reload spell card!
This allows me to
return my hand to my deck.
And then, I shuffle up and draw
a new card for every
card that I returned.
Here we go!
Eh?
Uh-Oh,
not sure that was a good idea.
Of course it wasn't!
It was terrible!
Just kidding.
I'm activating triple ace.
When I have three of the same
level 1 monster in my hand,
I can use triple
ace to summon all three of them.
So now I can toss Three dice
levelers onto the field!
Ooooohhh!
A hundred attack points,
what, are you givin'
up or something?
Actually, this is the part
where I start winning.
First, I activate dice
leveler's special ability.
What's he doing?
Losing my heart piece.
Time to test my luck.
When I take a chance
and roll the dice,
their levels will
increase by the number that
comes up.
He rolled all sixes!
The odds of rolling
six on three dice
at the same time
are one in 216.
Heh, heh.
Looks like lady luck is
wanting me to power up
my dice to level 7!
And just like that,
he has three level 7
monsters on his field.
You've had a nice
little run my friend,
But the winds of fortune
are about to change.
I now overlay all three
of my dice levelers!
With these monsters,
I build the overlay network!
And then,
I xyz summon -
Number 7 lucky straight!
Amazing...
he's got a number.
Interesting. Perhaps
this explains his luck.
And now I'm activating
the dream dice spell card.
It's a game of chance.
I give this here dream dice a
roll, and if it comes up a six,
all your monsters lose
all their attack points.
But anything else,
and my monster'll be the one
losing all its attack points.
What?
No way, He rolled another six?
Bingo!
Now your monsters are busted!
Hope you weren't fond
of those attack points.
The odds of rolling that many
sixes in a row are...
1296 to one.
Alright!
Do it, lucky straight!
Heh,
I can 700 points of damage!
You might be taking
a lot more than that,
cause I'm activating
lucky straight's special
ability!
When lucky straight battles,
I can use one overlay
unit to roll the dice.
And then, lucky
straight's attack points
Get multiplied by the
number that comes up.
So, if luck is on my side, this
could be the end, my friend.
Woooo-Hooo!
Now we just multiply
lucky straight's
700 attack points by six and
then, this one's in the books.
This can't be!
the rumors about this card
were True. It's incredible.
just hope the luck it brings
holds out until tomorrow,
when I really need it.
That was amazing.
A huge comeback in one turn.
But so much of that comeback
depended on chance. Interesting.
7776 to one. Those are
the odds that he was facing.
You cheated, I know it!
Nobody rolls that
many sixes in a row!
What is this all about?
Charlie Mccay!
You are completely surrounded!
There's no getting
away this time!
That's pretty much what they
said last time I got away.
Put your hands on the
back of your head!
Whatever you say...
here's the problem
though, fellas.
There's something I gotta do.
I really don't have
time to hang out.
It's show time.
Alright people,
who's up for a game of chance?
[Screaming]
yuma, your number card!
-Hey!
-What's going on?
My cards!
Yuma, look up!
You might want to run.
-Look out!
-Run as fast as you can!
What...
what's he doing?
Everybody okay?
-We're fine, Officer.
-Yes, thank you so much.
What's happening?
-How's he doing that?
-Hey, give those back!
This is against the law!
Good thing I was standing here,
this donut could've hurt me.
Seriously, I mean talk
about close calls, right?
But hey, close calls
make life more fun.
And since life is a carnival,
the more fun I have, the better.
Hey yuma, when your
sister gets here,
tell her I'm sorry
I had to Bolt!
Hey!
I'm not letting you
just run off with my card,
come back!
Yuma, wait!
Please tell me the
donut wasn't your fault.
It wasn't.
Where is he?
He's, uh... gone.
So he snagged everyone's
cards and then took off?
I don't believe that guy!
And to think I actually took
some time to make him food.
So do ya' think that crazy card
he dueled with is what he
stole from the museum?
Sounds like it.
I heard them talking about the
card on the heartland frequency
and so I did some
quick research.
Everyone who's ever had that
card has been blessed with a
sudden streak of crazy luck.
In the past few months,
that card has turned people
into overnight celebrities and
millionaires.
That's nuts.
He totally acted
like he knew who I was.
Who is this guy, sis?
Charlie Mccay
was dad's assistant.
He helped him with his
research and went on a
few excavations with him,
and then basically
decided to become a big
block-Headed buffoon
who flies all over
the world looking for
ancient shiny things.
Every time I think I'm
never gonna see him again,
he has this way of showing up.
Well,
alright you two, you guys
up for a little recon?
Yeah, we'll find this guy!
We'll turn this
whole city upside down
if that's what it takes!
TOGETHER: Let's do this!
All right, Tori.
Let's start looking!
Do you have any leads?
If you search randomly,
you will never find him.
What do you suggest,
know-it-All?
At first I was not sure why
I recognized those words,
and then I realized.
86th district, 7th area.
I have seen those words
while riding the D line
monorail with you.
They spin around at
the top of a building.
I admit that this might
be what you would call
"Kind of a stretch."
But it might be worth
looking along that rail line.
Perhaps if we explore the
surrounding areas, we will find
This Charlie Mccay and
retrieve your number card.
What's going on?
Looks like the police are
heading toward the bay area.
The d line goes through there!
It's him!
It's gotta be!
Policeman C: Lieutenant!
We've stopped the monorail
and evacuated all
passengers and personnel.
The suspect is surrounded.
Policeman B: Get down
on your knees, Mccay!
Man, you guys just
do not give up, do ya'?
did your bosses not
give you the memo
about what this card can do?
-Hey!
-The monorails closed!
No hard feelings boys,
but I've really
got somewhere I need to be.
Helicopter pilot:
Something's wrong!
Our controls are jammed!
Police RADIO: Suspect is
on the westbound d rail,
moving through the bay area!
Huh?
Kari, I've got him!
We're on the d line monorail!
i'm on my way!
So you found me.
Little quicker than
I thought you would.
You took my card,
I'd like to have it back!
Heh, heh, heh.
Direct and to the point.
Well as it happens, I've
jammed this monorail
so it can't be stopped
by the control center.
And I'm afraid our
destination is all the way
on the other side of the
city. So uh, what do
you say we pass the time
with a little duel?
A duel?
And if you manage to win, then
I'll give you your card back.
Yuma, you have to retrieve
that number card.
All right.
Let's do it!
Duel Disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE:
Duel interface set.
Augmented reality
Vision Link established.
Be careful, yuma!
TOGETHER: Let's duel!
What's yuma doing
on top of that monorail?
Is this the best
time to be doing this?
This guy Took my number card and
I'm getting it back, Tori!
That's nice and all, but if this
monorail can't be stopped,
then who's supposed
to hit the brakes?
Who's supposed to
hit the... brakes?
Somebody help me!
Don't be scared, yuma!
Nothing bad will happen.
Luck is gonna protect us.
So let's get this duel started!